README.md, before:

# Hero duel game "Superheroes"
A simple game, where each player selects a hero and engages in a turn-based duel. This is my final project for [C# Course - Fast Start (Programming for Beginners)](https://eduj.pl/produkt/kurs_csharp_szybki_start_programowanie_dla_poczatkujacych)

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fbf65144-97ae-4516-8e65-0a4cd76c3452)

## Tech stack
* C# version 13.0,
* .NET 9.0,
* Visual Studio 2022.

## Main features
* A simple command-line application based two-player game,
* Base Hero class, specialized subclasses: Knight, Wizard,
* Turn-based combat system,
* Game includes attack, heal and special abilities based on hero class,
* Easy to extend with new character types or abilities.

## How to run
1. Clone the repository - open your terminal and run: `git clone https://github.com/98Miquelle11/superheroes.git`
2. If you just want to run a game, open *publish/Game.exe*
3. If you want to open the project, open the solution file *Game.sln* in **Visual Studio 2022 (or later)**, go to **Build > Build Solution**, then click **Start** to launch a game.

Commit message:

Update README with new image and run instructions
Updated the game image and modified instructions for running the game.

README.md, after:

# Hero duel game "Superheroes"
A simple game, where each player selects a hero and engages in a turn-based duel. This is my final project for [C# Course - Fast Start (Programming for Beginners)](https://eduj.pl/produkt/kurs_csharp_szybki_start_programowanie_dla_poczatkujacych)

![Superheroes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/98Miquelle11/superheroes/master/images/Superheroes.gif)

## Tech stack
* C# version 13.0,
* .NET 9.0,
* Visual Studio 2022.

## Main features
* A simple command-line application based two-player game,
* Base Hero class, specialized subclasses: Knight, Wizard,
* Turn-based combat system,
* Game includes attack, heal and special abilities based on hero class,
* Easy to extend with new character types or abilities.

## How to run
1. Clone the repository - open your terminal and run: `git clone https://github.com/98Miquelle11/superheroes.git`
2. *Opcjonally*: After cloning the repository you can delete **images** folder - it is for this README cause only.
3. If you just want to run a game, open *publish/Game.exe*
4. If you want to open the project, open the solution file *Game.sln* in **Visual Studio 2022 (or later)**, go to **Build > Build Solution**, then click **Start** to launch a game.
